Welcome to this section on advanced synchronizations So this is the section that I personally have been
waiting for this entire course.
We've got you started with some fun easy multiplayer summarisation but now it's into the nitty gritty
of how unreel actually does that state synchronization in the first section.
We showed you how you could use it how you can use it in the first person character.
A lot of that has been implemented for you and it's been implanted really well.
But in this section we break that down to a minimum and we're going to have a fun racing game.
So it's going to be a different type of movements we're going to have to start from scratch.
And we are going to build up all the layers about steps synchronization from how we have an authoritative
serve how that authoritative server replicates the state to everyone.
We're going to do cheap protection.
We are going to find out how we can do lag compensation.
And we are going to be doing lots lots more all the things necessary essentially to be able to have
a fun game play experience with all the challenges of having a network in the mix and different computers
doing different simulations over different timescales.
So let's dive in and see how we're going to achieve that.